SQL Practice Question Set - 4
1.What is the diffrence between Where and Having clause?
2.What is th diffrence between union and union all?
3.What is th diffrence between Intersection and Except(Minus)?
4.What is th diffrence between Delete,Truncate and Drop?
5.How will identify the table schema in a database?
6.What is the diffrence between Rank and Dense Rank?
7.What is the diffrence between varchar and nvarchar?
8.What is the diffrence between char and nchar?
9.7.What is the diffrence between char and varchar?
10.what is the diff between not null key and primary key?
11.what is the diffrence unique and null key?
12.How many Null values we can insert into unique key column?
13.What is the diffrence between primary key and foriegn key?
14.What is the diffrence between DML and DDL?
15.what is Co-Relation Sub Query and sub query?
16.What is the diffrence between len() and Datalength()?
17.How to take back up of table?
18.How to copy the data from one table into another another table?

	SELECT * INTO MoviesBackup FROM emproshan;

19.How will you take the back up of database?
20.What is diffrence between order by and group by?
21.How we can insert selective records from one table into another table?

	INSERT INTO emproshan(city) SELECT ecity FROM emp

22.How to display the structure of the table?     
	
	sp_help emproshan;

23.How to change or rename the column name in a table?   

	sp_rename 'emproshan.city', 'CITY'

24.What is the age of your bank account? 

	select *, datediff(yy, acc_open_date, getdate());

25.Calculate the no of accounts which is opened during the current year?

	select * from account_details where datepart(yy, acct_open_date) = 2021;

26.What is the diffrence between DatePart,Datename and Dateadd?

27.What is the diffrence between CONCAT() , CONCAT with + and CONCAT_WS()?

28.What is the diffrence between Store procedure and trigger?

29.What is the diffrence between View and store procedure?

30.What is the Diifrence between clustered and Non-Clusterd index?
